Lectures
We encourage you to attend the lectures. We also encourage you to parti
cipate actively in the lectures by listening attentively and
expressively, asking helpful questions occasionally, answering questions
occasionally, and so forth. Your lecture attendance and participation
are important to your success in the course. They also are important to
the success of the course as a whole, and so will be components of your
participation grade.

Some of the material covered in lectures is not covered in the textbooks
or precepts. Some exam questions may reward your lecture attendance.

Lecture participation may be partially measured using responses to iCli-
cker questions. You must only use your clicker own it is a violation of
course policy to use someone else's iClicker, or to ask someone to
answer questions using your iClicker.

Precepts
We encourage you to attend the precepts. We also encourage you to parti-
cipate actively in the precepts by listening attentively and expressive-
ly, asking helpful questions occasionally, answering questions occasion-
ally, and so forth. Your precept attendance and participation are impor-
tant to your success in the course. They also are important to the succ-
ess of the course as a whole, and so will be components of your partici-
pation grade.

Some of the material covered in precepts is not covered in the textbooks
or lectures.

You should attend your precept, that is, the precept for which you are
registered in Princeton's TigerHub system.

Concerning attending another precept instead of your precept:
Generally it is not acceptable to attend another precept instead of your
precept. Your participation grade will suffer if you do not participate
in your precept. However, it is acceptable to attend another precept in-
stead of your precept occasionally if a conflict with your precept
arises. (Indeed you should do so.) In that case, as soon as you become
aware of the conflict, send e-mail to your preceptor and the other
preceptor. The other preceptor thereby will know to duplicate handouts
for you, make sure you have a seat, etc. Note that this mechanism is
intended to address occasional conflicts; it does not provide license
to attend precepts other than your precept on a regular basis.

Concerning attending another precept in addition to your precept:
Generally it is not acceptable to attend another precept in addition to
your precept. After all, if even a small fraction of the course's
students did that routinely, then some precepts would be very large (or
even overflow) routinely. Precepts containing a large number of students
are less effective than those containing a small number. However, it
could be acceptable to attend another precept in addition to your own
occasionally. In that case, send e-mail to your preceptor and the other
preceptor the day before the precept, asking permission to attend. The
preceptors then will make the decision. If the decision is "yes," then
the other preceptor will duplicate handouts for you, make sure you have
a seat, etc.