Electronic Communication
These are the course's policies concerning electronic communication:

If you have a question that you can express without revealing any of yo
ur assignment solution, then you may post it to the course's Piazza acc
ount. One of the course's instructors will respond as soon as possible.
Other students also are welcome to respond if and only if they can do so
without revealing any of their assignment solutions.

If you have a question that you cannot express without revealing any of
your assignment solution, then you may not post it to Piazza. Instead
you may e-mail it to your preceptor. See the course's General Informati
on web page for the e-mail address of your preceptor.

If your preceptor does not answer your e-mailed question in a reasonable
amount of time, then you may e-mail your question to all of the course's
instructors at cos217instructors@lists.cs.princeton.edu. Any e-mail sent
to that address will be received only by the course's preceptors, not by
students. One of the course's preceptors will answer your question as so
on as possible. You may not e-mail questions directly to a preceptor oth
er than your own.

In the context of electronic communication, the phrase any of your
assignment solution includes:

The products that you create for the assignment, that is, your source
code files (including comments), DFA files, Makefiles, readme files,
etc. You may not show any of the products that you create for the assign
ment, modified versions of them, or any parts of them, on Piazza.

Descriptions of those products in the form of pseudo-code, flow charts,
outlines, diagrams, natural language prose, etc. You may not describe
the products that you create for the assignment, or any parts of them,
on Piazza.

Design decisions that you make in the process of creating those product
s, that is, your decisions about how to express your program as files,
your files as functions, your functions as statements, etc. You may not
describe your design decisions or suggest design decisions on Piazza.

